Update index.md (#1634)
aspnet/EntityFramework.Docs: entity-framework/core/extensions/index.md

## Extensions

> ### Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DistributedCache

Reviewer: This isn't feedback on the PR, but on the name of the package:

- It shouldn't really start with "Microsoft." or contain "Microsoft"in the name unless the package is from Microsoft. For example, we recommend for example, provider writer, to use "Company.EntityFrameworkCore.Database"  for the provider packages. I know there are some in this page that don't follow this rule. That is because it wasn't enforced before. 
- I noticed that in the actual package you use a prefix "Extention". Is that the name of the organization that creates it or a just "Extension" misspelled?

An extension for caching results of queries into the Redis cache.
This library implements asynchronous and synchronous execution.

> It supports distributed lock to be able to use cache between n-numbers of servers which runs the application and doesn’t allow any race condition for cache update.

Reviewer: I believe this is easier to read, but I hope I am not changing the meaning of the sentence. @grinay what do you think?
```suggestion
It supports distributed lock to be able to use cache across multiple server which run the application and avoid race conditions on cache update.
```

Author: That's great. Thanks for correcting my English.

## Extensions

### Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DistributedCache

> An extension for caching result of queries into redis cache.

Reviewer 2: Please fix the broken English (or let me know if you need help with that)

Author: Hello. I did. Please correct me if I did any mistake. Thanks.
